net: Add Wi-Fi provisioning library and sample (#14444)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/samples/wifi_provisioning.rst

.. _wifi_provisioning_samples:

Wi-Fi: provisioning samples
###########################

> The following samples are used to provision Wi-Fi® credentials to a Wi-Fi enabled device (nRF70 Series).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below samples demonstrate ways to provision Wi-Fi® credentials to a Wi-Fi-capable Nordic device.
```
